Introduce RBAC Toggle Enhancement (#116)
operator-framework/enhancements: enhancements/rbac-toggle.md

- [ ] Graduation criteria for dev preview, tech preview, GA

## Open Questions [optional]

NA

## Summary

The [operator-lifecycle-manager (OLM)](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager) is responsible for installing, upgrading, and managing the lifecycle of operators. While managing the lifecycle of an operator, OLM creates the [Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/) manifests requested by the operator in namespaces that the operator is [scoped](https://olm.operatorframework.io/docs/advanced-tasks/operator-scoping-with-operatorgroups/) to. When an operator is installed at the cluster scoped level, the requested RBAC is elevated to cluster wide levels.

Recently, the Operator Framework has been advising operator authors to develope cluster scoped operators as:
- The existing [CustomResourceDefinition (CRD)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) primitive does not provide a great user experience on multitenant environments.
- It becomes increasingly complex when a user installs multiple versions of an operator scoped to different namespaces.

> As more operators move towards the cluster scoped model, it becomes increasingly problematic for cluster admins that are uncomfortable or unable to allow OLM to grant cluster wide RBAC to operators it installs.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
As more operators move towards the cluster scoped model, it becomes increasingly problematic for cluster admins that are uncomfortable or unable to allow OLM to grant cluster wide RBAC to installed operators.
```

#### DisableAllNamespacePermissionPromotion Toggle Demo

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/Sn4rWsqX2V4Vena69EQdIcGk6.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/Sn4rWsqX2V4Vena69EQdIcGk6)

#### DisableAggregateCRDRoles Toggle Demo

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/Sn4rWsqX2V4Vena69EQdIcGk6.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/n1KZeT7DEYSnFckgmj34bm4BF)

### Graduation Criteria

Straight to GA.

#### Examples

Not applicable.

##### Dev Preview -> Tech Preview

Straight to GA.

##### Tech Preview -> GA

Straight to GA.

##### Removing a deprecated feature

Not applicable.

### Upgrade / Downgrade Strategy

If OLM is downgraded the proposed changes to the API will be lost and OLM may begin generating RBAC for the operators that were created. As such, the OLM team should investigate:

- How OLM can prevent cluster downgrades.
- How we could communicate the potential damage to customers if they initiate a downgrade after utilizing this feature.

### Version Skew Strategy

> The is feature does not depend on other projects and uses existing APIs, as such there is little concern regarding the version of other components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature does not depend on other projects and uses existing APIs, as such there is little concern regarding the version of other components.
```

## Implementation History

Not applicable.

## Drawbacks

> The goal of this enhancement is to provide cluster admins with greater control over the RBAC that OLM generates on cluster. Providing cluster admin's with the means to disable OLM's RBAC generation naturally places a greater burden on cluster admins to manage RBAC as they install new operators. There are a number of existing processes that become more tedious when RBAC generation is disabled, to name a few:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this enhancement is to provide cluster admins with greater control over the RBAC that OLM generates on cluster. Providing cluster admins with the means to disable OLM's RBAC generation naturally places a greater burden on cluster admins to manage RBAC as they install new operators. There are a number of existing processes that become more tedious when RBAC generation is disabled, to name a few:
```

- The cluster admin must keep track of the namespaces that include the roles and roleBindings required by the operator. If the cluster admin wants to extend the scope of the operator to additional namespaces, they would need to create additional RBAC in said namespaces.
- The cluster admin must keep the `WATCHED_NAMESPACES` environment variable up to date, otherwise the informer will:

> -- Receive events from namespaces that it lacks the appropriate RBAC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- Receive events from namespaces it has no appropriate RBAC to handle.
```

> -- Not Receive events from namespaces that it has the appropriate RBAC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- Not Receive events from namespaces for which it has the appropriate RBAC.
```
